+++
title = "Recent advances in avian egg science: A review"
date = "2017-10-01"
# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. ["Bob Smith", "David Jones"].

authors = ["PB Wilson"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter

publication_types = ["2"]
# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.

publication = "Poultry Science"
publication_short = "Poult. Sci."
# Abstract and optional shortened version.

abstract = "Eggs and egg products form an integral part of the food chain. As such, research into egg structure, function, and production has made an important contribution to the field of poultry science. The past decade has seen significant advances in avian egg science research, with work supplementing our understanding of the nature of the avian egg, and its biological, chemical, and physical properties. Eggshell color, strength, and chemical composition, poultry nutrition, and genetics have all been intensively studied recently, with significant progress being made in a number of these areas. Indeed, with the prevalence of robust theoretical techniques, it is now commonplace to combine experimental investigations with theory, providing a balanced and interdisciplinary perspective." 
abstract_short = ""
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)

image_preview = ""
# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)

selected = false
# Projects (optional).
# Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
# Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in content/project/.

projects = ["eggs"]
# Links (optional).

url_pdf = "https://watermark.silverchair.com/pex187.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAbAwggGsBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggGdMIIBmQIBADCCAZIGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMX-YlKoWv7r_-wW3YAgEQgIIBYxmtRB4iBox56BgKNVXIT2GXsFikvLt2bYt1dfVZ-d55xByHqOpR7brlGSjrtCewvbaSP5IxsDOOBepHhYNjgV8APiPjIs5VfbQlBW8wnw3316m_G2ocw0f2qELyr8SeL4ZZIKpzNhvXb6llW_nCjjcAXHoZm9MsYRupK5m5tWsapdF6tItrVkbhA0YToePmE_jwhJMqmzIq0lHZISBFhZW3Pr-in5rS21efEeD6-oN40H-xhcmEWEJTArdV0nN3Jk87T0gGQ8F_qTIsZei3xaQoYQ2FK3N9CXVso8p4v0fwXN0MnRQ0Txi7vP5gXzbOU0ndx3yBFsUhEqOyOSATytOjZ7zbrYi_Rtwwk6qYDV1tY0rPfU1ZjOuZpvk7m1Pahsu1qw2tgUHAbjSliTYz77GkqLRmnY5JAVK-rWR1JMFb2igOZtBs7hMw17nUn68CYZzjMVFEPUeQ8UoCCktyqRXmfBg"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# Does the content use math formatting?

math = true
# Does the content use source code highlighting?

highlight = true
# Featured image
# Place your image in the static/img/ folder and reference its filename below, e.g. image = "example.jpg".
#[header]
#image = "acscatal16.gif"
#caption = ""


+++

# More detail can easily be written here using Markdown and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
