+++
title = "Q6: A comprehensive toolkit for empirical valence bond and related free energy calculations"
date = "2018-01-04"
# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. ["Bob Smith", "David Jones"].

authors = ["P Bauer", "A Barrozo", "M Purg", "BA Amrein", "M Esguerra", "PB Wilson", "DT Major", "J Åqvist", "SCL Kamerlin"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter

publication_types = ["2"]
# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.

publication = "SoftwareX"
publication_short = "In SoftwareX"
# Abstract and optional shortened version.

abstract = "Abstract Atomistic simulations have become one of the main approaches to study the chemistry and dynamics of biomolecular systems in solution. Chemical modelling is a powerful way to understand biochemistry, with a number of different programs available to perform specialized calculations. We present here Q6, a new version of the Q software package, which is a generalized package for empirical valence bond, linear interaction energy, and other free energy calculations. In addition to general technical improvements, Q6 extends the reach of the EVB implementation to fast approximations of quantum effects, extended solvent descriptions and quick estimation of the contributions of individual residues to changes in the activation free energy of reactions."
abstract_short = ""
# Featured image thumbnail (optional)

image_preview = ""
# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)

selected = true
# Projects (optional).
# Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
# Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in content/project/.

projects = ["iecsa"]
# Links (optional).

url_pdf = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352711017300675"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
# Does the content use math formatting?

math = true
# Does the content use source code highlighting?

highlight = true
# Featured image
# Place your image in the static/img/ folder and reference its filename below, e.g. image = "example.jpg".
[header]
image = "q18.jpg"
caption = ""


+++

More detail can easily be written here using Markdown and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
